Add GlobalConfiguration support to helm chart (#1034)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: deployments/helm-chart/README.md

`controller.useIngressClassOnly` | Ignore Ingress resources without the `"kubernetes.io/ingress.class"` annotation or the `"ingressClassName"` field in VirtualServer/VirtualServerRoute. | false
`controller.watchNamespace` | Namespace to watch for Ingress resources. By default the Ingress controller watches all namespaces. | ""
`controller.enableCustomResources` | Enable the custom resources. | true
`controller.enableTLSPassthrough` | Enable TLS Passthrough on port 443. Requires `controller.enableCustomResources`. | false
`controller.globalConfiguration.create` | Creates the GlobalConfiguration custom resource. Requires `controller.enableCustomResources`. | false

> `controller.globalConfiguration.spec` | The spec of the GlobalConfiguration for customizing NGINX configuration. | {}

Reviewer: - making it similar to the fist sentence here -- https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/global-configuration/globalconfiguration-resource/
- making sure it doesn't have the same name as the configmap.entries (to avoid confusion)
```suggestion
`controller.globalConfiguration.spec` | The spec of the GlobalConfiguration for defining the global configuration parameters of the Ingress Controller. | {}
```
